#summary Deodex Your Droid X
#labels Deodex,DroidX,Root,Android

= Introduction =

This is a guide on manually deodexing your phone for custom themes.


= Details =
*I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WHATEVER HAPPENS TO YOUR PHONE!*<br>

*You must be rooted!*<br>

*What you'll need:*<br>
1. A Windows based machine<br>
2. <a href="http://xdroidx.googlecode.com/files/xUltimate-v2.2.zip">xUltimate 2.2</a> <br>
3. Patience<br>

*Process:*<br>

1. Unzip xUltimate v2.2, and launch "Main.exe"<br>
2. If everything goes well xUlt should recognize the phone and make a connection. You now should see a list of options.<br>
3. Run option 1. After option 1 is done, run option 2.<br>
4. Now these well take a while. Run option 3.<br>
5. IMPORTANT: After you have run option 3, you MUST navigate to the xUltimate folder and find "origi_frame" folder, and delete "guava.odex". It's a bad file, and interferes with deodexing process.<br>
6. Now run option 4, and wait.<br>
7. Exit xUltimate, and put the phone in USB mass storage.<br>
8. Go back into the xUltimate folder and copy "done_frame", and "done_app", and move them to the root of the sdcard.<br>
9. Open a command prompt, and do the following:<br>

*Command:*<br>
*NOTE: THE LITTLE STAR SYMBOL IS REPLACED BY "(star symbol)" DUE TO INCODING INSIDE OF THIS WIKI PAGE*<br>

adb shell<br>
su<br>
stop<br>
mount -o rw,remount -t ext3 /dev/block/mmcblk1p21 /system<br>
cp /sdcard/done_app/(star symbol) /system/app/<br>
cp /sdcard/done_frame/(star symbol) /system/framework/<br>
rm /system/app/(star symbol).odex<br>
rm /system/framework/(star symbol).odex<br>
mount -o ro,remount -t ext3 /dev/block/mmcblk1p21 /system<br>
reboot<br>'

Your phone should now be deodexed and enjoy!<br>

*Note: You may notice an increase in speed, and you now have the ability to edit certain files with greater effects. (i.e. services.jar)*

*If you have any problems visit the XDA Thread: <a href="http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=765270">[HOW-TO] Manually deodex your phone.</a>